Ideas for Guild:
Fishing

MMO party comp style: tank, 2 dps and a healer. not locked but optimal.

Battle Lanes: -Front row: Does extra aggro and regular damage
	      -Mid row: Regular damage and less aggro generation when has someone on front and back rows(In the case of a pincer attack- still not sure if will be done)
	      -Back row: Generates way less aggro when have party members on the mid and front row. Works like a mid lane when only has people on 2 rows

AoE moves can target one or more lanes. party members can switch lanes but that consume a turn

Class system: multiple classes avaliable and more unlockable. Maxing a class gives extra stats and skills to classes on the same role.

Especific dungeons that are not part of the main story can be run multiple times for drops and resources for the guild

Permadeath is an option at the start of the game and how the guild works will be changed slightly to adjust

The guild is a hub where you can interact with recruited party members inside and outside the story. You can buy itens, equipment etc.
Needs some resources to be kept running at an optimal level and to allow recruited members to stay on it.
Trainers can also be recuited to teach members new skills and even new classes.

Third of forth boss idea: Scramble formation(An non damage attack that scramble the party lane formation, in order to test if the player
already know how the lane system works)
Probably will be done on a behemoth-like monster for a fear attack

If permadeath is turned off, defeat will make your party members that went on the misson stay on the medbay for a set amount of time. Getting a single party member K.O.ed on a fight
doesnt take them to the medbay immediatly. using items to revive them makes them continue on said dungeon but the time needed to stay on the medbay stays the same

Fleeing from dungeons is avaliable but has a chance of failing and it has an negative impact on the guild status(Other penalties are still being considered)

Multiple defeats can make party members resign from the guild

Andre's suggestion: Talent tree to allow skill customization, so char with the smae role wont end up being the same;
		    Some classes have bonuses for staying on a specific lane (Some ranged dps gets extra bonus for staying on a back row etc.)

Recruitment ideas: -Guild members not on the party can enter dungeons for leveling up and get resources automatically, so the player wouldn't need to go back on low lv dgs to grind
		   	-Have an minimal level for automatic dungeon crawling for each dungeon. Having a greater level generate more resources
		   -Members can be unlocked via story; Via the guild when it gets notoriety, new members can enlist to it at random
		   -Have a cap on how many members you can have at an time on the guild, if permadeath is turned off, and the option to resign a member, so it doesnt get too overcumbered

Weapon system: Classes can wield multiple weapons...(Tied up on the skill tree)

Reminders for later: skill training and some more use to lanes(skills tied to lanes);
		     Evasion tank - Capoeira(?)
		     Start with the combat system- it will be the focus of the game(just the barebones of it for starters)
		     Idea for Monk class skill tree:
			-Patience tree: low speed, enough to be the last to act on a turn, but with very powerful style moves, but very low utility
			-(?) tree: Mid speed and mid damage and additional utility skills on battle (Reduce armor, more crit etc.)
			-Rushdown tree: high speed and low-to-mid damage, with combo skills and a chance to have double turns
		     AoE for players, being able to hit multiple enemies, sometimes based or not on their positioning(a wind move would hit horizontally, and an fire explosion would hit anyone despite of positioning etc.)
		     Attack and skill menu: enemies are always show on the 3x3 grid, even if only one or two enemies are shown